Document reserved routes (#9769)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/routing.mdx

- `pages/posts/[...slug].astro` - Will build `/posts/1/2`, `/posts/a/b/c`, etc. But not `/posts/create`, `/posts/1`, `/posts/abc`, etc.
- `pages/[...slug].astro` - Will build `/abc`, `/xyz`, `/abc/xyz`, etc. But not `/posts/create`, `/posts/1`, `/posts/abc`, , etc.

### Reserved routes

> Some Astro features require exposing routes to be accessible by the clients. Those routes take priority over any user-defined or integration-defined routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal routes take priority over any user-defined or integration-defined routes as they are required for Astro features to work. The following are Astro's reserved routes:
```

> - `_astro/`: Serves all the static assets to the client. Including CSS documents, bundled client scripts, optimized images and any Vite asset;
> - `_server_islands/`: Serves the dynamic components deferred into a [Server Island](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#experimentalserverislands);
> - `_actions/`: Serves the defined [Actions](/en/guides/actions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `_astro/`: Serves all of the static assets to the client, including CSS documents, bundled client scripts, optimized images, and any Vite assets.
- `_server_islands/`: Serves the dynamic components deferred into a [server island](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#experimentalserverislands);
- `_actions/`: Serves any defined [actions](/en/guides/actions/).
```
